three guys and one lucky block who wants
to do the honors boys we have nothing
else around us but if there's block
don't we die yeah so there's a chance
it's going to be either really bad and
we're all going to die or it's going to
be very nice and we all get rich so who
wants who want how bad does it how bad
does it get though like it could Spa
like a Wither you know just just kind of
just break it oh oh oh watch out watch
out watch out watch out watch out watch
out watch how are we even standing hold
just just keep keep holding shift keep
holding shift I'm not even I'm not even
Crouch
oh my God I'm going to die I'm going to
die I'm going to die what is going on
like a jump like a jump like a jump like
I can't I can't I'm going to die I'm
going to die break the lucky block
please no you're fine you're fine you're
fine you're are you sure yeah yeah yeah
look look where I am look at me oh yeah
see you're right wait I'll break the
oh there's no way oh oh okay okay okay
you have two lives left bro chill chill
chill chill everyone relax everyone
relax help me break this everyone work
together as a team seconds bro I I
didn't even do anything I was just stuck
on the side why don't we just nice nice
nice that's good that's good that's good
that gives us a base that gives us a
base wait wait wait let's let's expand
this let's expand this yeah yeah can can
we break these and then actually get
them yeah we can nice that's huge what
we could do is yeah but we could just do
this oh break from the
side one at a time boys nice and stady
yep yep yep keep them all there we go oh
yeah we can just keep building out and
then keep breaking them oh my God that's
so smart Donnie all right guys let's go
we let's go hold on minutes all right
I'm going to break the next
one oh look up blit block blit
block that is crazy I'm on two lives as
well bro bro why don't you guys think
quicker bro you could have literally
like stacked up you could have put a
slime block there and I would have been
alive what are we talking about right
now there's nobody who could do that all
right how about we take turns then all
right yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm going to
stand back I'm going to stand back it's
your turn bro it's my turn break it oh
that's a wrong no no way we are limited
here let's use these two and fill that
Gap cuz it's going to make break it
break it quick quick
quick why is it night time I don't like
it I don't like it I don't like it I got
SW though it's daytime again now it's
daytime wait is this scary Lucky Blocks
I hope it is like scary Lucky Blocks I
think every single one has gone wrong so
far guys we need to lock in bro we need
to beat the game bro we need to get like
the uh what's it called the end portal
frames and we got to put the Eyes in and
then we got to beat the Ender Dragon
that's the goal bro I got this right
here oh oh oh nice all right turn we
just
lost there though the mysterious
hole all right hold on hold hold on oh
let's cover this let's go here's your
cap there's your cap your turn Donnie
break two at
once
[Music]
one what's going on here L take this get
oh my
God so many my bad oh my God
no the hero villager fell the hero
villager fell we need I think guys I got
a plan okay who's who's ready to hit me
out I'm ready do we have any we need one
block does any have one block uh no we
can get
a okay never have three we cannot get it
I got plan but I don't want to use the
gold block that we have just use it bro
we'll get another one trust me okay all
right fine I'm going to fall down I'm
going to use one of my lives and I'm
going to place a gold block underneath
the lucky block so people can't die when
they fall off down yeah yeah place it
that would actually be so smart if you
actually do it bro are you guys ready
everyone recording got their cameras out
oh take this by the
way wait what just fell why is
everything bouncing what just fell
assault assault you got this bro I
believe in
you got
this there is no way there is no way
there is no way dony B oh there he is
let's go all right I'm going to break
the next one not only did you throw your
sword off something else just fell down
again oh sniffer spawn egg oh oh my God
is this is this mob aggressive I've
never seen him before no put the sniffer
down what did you do to that snier put
it away let's go we have blocks we have
blocks we have blocks all right I'm
going to do the thing that you said you
were going to do hold on no like like
stop F the blocks off the edge please
they going off the edge how SL on slime
blocks they do like a stor a sto all
right hold on hold on I got this boys I
got this i got this do you believe in me
of course go all
right you have limited life yes I did it
oh on L on me baby that's what I'm
talking about I only have one life left
though so that's not good lager is back
boys hold on Yo lagger now we just need
to put these all around it so that it
doesn't go under yeah sounds like a plan
one wait wait wait wait wait one say
completely under it so it doesn't fall
under but I think it should be fine
right yeah this is good this is good by
the way if we get the
his lucky block we're we're finished
we're done yo we got to make some
progress boys oh guys get out the lucky
block before I open it the
sniffer wait wait wait let us out let us
out yeah get out get out get out yo y yo
yo wait wait wait who wants to F the Le
listen listen listen listen thisen guys
I know what lucky block is okay this
Lucky Block is 50/50 either TNT or
diamonds so right now our whole series
this whole episode is Down based on
50/50 are you sure we press it yes you
do it my brother I only have one life so
I can't for to die okay but you guys
need to get ready to run okay here oh
give us more block love my brother love
love can you speed Bridge let's go yeah
yeah yeah guess rege you got this oh oh
oh oh please we're safe we're safe we're
safe we're
safe work I can't lie yo yo good choice
on making this bridge bro we would have
all died it would have been over bro
that would have been the shortest video
ever my oh we got one black cat Batman y
bman oh no he survived I'm going to
break it from here oh oh good thing that
was not very interesting another one oh
very interesting another one oh another
one grab that another one wait wa wait
wait stop Brothers we have to keep going
until it spawns a platform no yeah it
had blocks on it so we could have
grabbed them oh you have more he's right
he's right we need to get platform there
we go there we go we have a platform now
that's good now what is this oh potions
like wait wait
so we need to get more blocks boys so so
so so what this means is there's another
place it we have this there's another
one below yeah yeah there is there is
yeah there's two there's two for me to
just I'm dead I'm dead I'm dead I'm dead
I'm dead wait how am I alive how am I
alive how did he come back is it five
lives wait is it shared lives wait hold
on 369 so wait count has used one
and you used three I've used three so we
need four we got four left as a group
though bro how how did that just happen
there was like nobody simult did someone
break the book under me was that one of
you guys no you broke it you were like
mining
oh give me everything you got chill
chill chill chill chill chill you think
I won't do
this let's go
[Music]
B are you stupid I'm just
breaking the bro I didn't mean to he
killed me oh let's go let's go let's go
that's exactly what we need where' you
get where' you get where' you get where'
you get where' you get a bunch of blocks
bro we can bridge out again oh wait we
need to place it under wait no there
already is one there already is one
we're good we're good
just what is it is that the hero sword
bro chill down to chill why why is this
guy getting everything bro this is no
good this is not good dead I'm breaking
another one everyone is dead D look here
all right I want something is wrong now
bro come on please what was that have
skeleton skull bro hold on you guys you
might want to watch out by the way cuz
I'm going to keep breaking these now I'm
dead I'm dead I'm dead I'm dead help
help you can still save me put down
water put down
water oh nobody has I do I do I do
do you had water
you water yeah I placed it bro you
[Applause]
just very interesting boys very
interesting very interesting we are now
on zero lives my brothers
last we're on zero lives okay you're
dead you're dead you're literally dead
there is nothing we can do now wait no
he's good he's good we can just get to
him no no no no wait wait wait wait wait
wait don't come back I going to break it
again I don't want to break it again I'm
dead I'm dead oh I'm not dead I saved
myself oh on you're going to save bro
hold
no oh I don't have a pickaxe though this
is taking so long L keep breaking the
lucky block bro
okay what's happening oh my God oh my
God you guys good see that hold on bro
I'm still breaking the iron balls bro I
don't know what's going on man oh hold
on boys I'll save you hold on hold on
let me just make it out here real quick
for this we're build this bro minecra
we're dying to scary monsters bro boom
it's City
broken
oh I got you I got you finally all right
I'm going to break it again oh my
stomach hurts
bro underne it another one oh there's
TNT and another one and another one and
another one oh this super charge creeper
watch outy super charge woo good job oh
[Music]
wait
maybe how many lives are we on minus
onec minus one
lives more blocks give me more I want to
beat the game please my stomach my
stomach hurts so V we can trade with him
I can't do he six trades can't what
happened to the LI don't know how many
lives are we is it just infinite lives
what you were you ly bro listen bro it
goes into the negatives we're fine I'm
going to keep breaking it boys oh watch
out there's a lot of bats I'm going to
keep breaking it I'm dead I'm so
dead can I swim out I can swim out I'm
good you good
oh what is going on bro what is going on
there is too much going on for my brain
I can't do this anymore bro keep
breaking the
block keep breaking it what was that
baby Donny buls keep breaking keep
breaking keep breaking keep breaking go
go go go go hold on hold on
hey hey
hey hey hey I don't know what's going on
on on on all right now we go quiet a lot
of stuff right bro there's
tears screaming down my face right now
keep breaking the block we need it to be
daytime oh that's
TNT in front of
us did you hear his scream did you hear
his scream fading out oh my God God L
all right everyone relax all right I got
this i got this all we have to do what
is that okay oh diamond block block
though would love to have that just
don't oh why is Donnie still dying bro
you did not see what happened talking
about you why is Donny dying understand
the struggle just you just open I think
he's in there no don't
M
[Music]
M M safety
H who's doing that are you guys stupid
hold on Donnie I got some potions for
you there you go bro now use that horse
and ride
up you got this BR no value to this
Con t watch out oh my gosh guys how hard
is it to get an end portal
frame really hard bro bro it's
impossible I actually need a moment guys
lucky sheep all right cool
Saddles i b the frame and P the frame on
God I saw
it where it fell
down oh my God it
didn't there's no way it did bro it fell
down bro it fell down it fell down this
is the one this is going to be the
generational run
boys all right come on oh wait there's
there's oh come on endstone block
endstone endstone frame endstone frame
endstone frame endstone frame endstone
frame please does it actually give it
yes it just dropped down cuz no one
built a base underneath bro the whole
platform is cleared what did you guys do
it's fine just keep breaking it boys
keep breaking it I'll uh keep a look
down down here you know right give me
some blocks oh my you good I'll help you
help help me help me no
no I think I threw I threw a splash
potion of weakness at him what did he do
I thought it was fire resistance can you
craft and portal frame I got I got it I
got it you got it you got it no way I
got it I got it I got it oh I got it and
portal frame six how many how many more
do we need uh 1 2 3 1 23 1 2 3 lucky Pig
12 all right so six more yo can someone
put down watera cuz I can't get up there
guys I've got bad news or good news I
cannot hear you brother hold on let me
get up there
bro oh I think he said I got bad news
and I got good news yo yo yo I got them
I got them I got them I have 11 I have
11 hello where's Donnie I got them what
I got them I got them I got them we have
enough to beat the Ender Dragon bro you
said you have six I have 11 I have 6 go
to the house go to the house nice house
by the way I really like it all right
how do we do this how do we place down
the end port frame let's go beat the End
Dragon right now baby and then you and
me Donnie let's set up the end portal
frame cuz I have no idea how to do it
properly I'll drop it to you here you go
1 2 three then you get this then you do
one two three so I go this way yeah
stand on the Inside Yes stand on the
inside of this on the thing now do one 2
3 then now do stand on the inside 1 2 3
that's it but then now yeah and now from
the inside again yeah no it doesn't
matter now
oh my God I'm actually kind of should we
wait for Linux for the last one yeah
yeah yeah yeah it's it's a grand moment
you know after all this chaos we've been
through we have finally made it light it
up light it up hold on hold on
boys oh jeez
man we're in the
end hold on hold on all right boys bro
why you jump in what do you mean bro
it's time to move on you know what I'm
saying like come on bro we don't have
time everyone stand together okay when
we get up there we're going to have to
stand together and everyone use the
potions okay yeah yeah yeah oh there's
Lucky
Blocks okay oh oh my oh my oh my eat
enchanted golden apples enchanted golden
apples that's why we have them that's
why we have them
boys
eat I can't see anything I have too many
effects on
me oh I can see oh my God what is going
on come to me come to me I'm coming I'm
coming I'm coming to
I'm going to the middle I'm going to the
middle okay me in the middle break the
things break the thingies he needs no no
no it's fine come there's Lucky Blocks
all right come come everyone come to me
come to
me oh I know what you're going to say
everyone Lucky Block lucky potion lucky
potion go go wait wait wait wait wait we
don't want luck right we want to use the
look against the Dragon for not luck
what what if what if what if something
bad happens like a ton of TNT around the
Ender Dragon no no no no the these are
just giving us good stuff like look
stuff there so now enchantments bro look
at our enchantments oh my God okay go go
we need to uh break the uh thingies that
makes a heal right yeah yeah yeah yeah I
got ends I I'll go up I'll go up guys
nice I don't have any arrows or anything
I got I gots I only have 31 wait do I
have Infinity I have Infinity on this
here take this oh thank
you don't worry my brother so hard to
reach them from here though oh try to
break another one as well whilst the
Ender P lands there we go boom break
that break that one over there as
well all right is that it is that it I
think
so is he still getting
healed I have night
vision can I throw the end over there I
might die here yeah I'm alive I'm alive
oh maybe Anvil was not the best idea
hold on boys I'm in an OP
position attack
him kill
him oh is my arrows even doing anything
yeah they are let's
go bro I'm literally glitched I'm
standing on no
block look the next time it
perches cuz unluck so are these unlucky
blocks no I don't know
okay so we're just gambling pretty much
yeah we might give him op enchantments
why if we give him strength bro that
would be not good at all okay everybody
pick a side and then just start breaking
them as it happens okay yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah pick a side we got to be ready
I'll go on the on this side over here go
go break break
break
TNT break them on oh
oh keep breaking it let him there's lava
put a block above you I have an
enchanted golden apple I'm good okay
good my arrows are not doing anything to
him I can't hit him yeah he's too close
he's too go now you have to hit with
these I don't have anything to hit him
with bro I have no sword doing a ton of
damage bro he's almost dead oh let's go
oh my bro that almost killed him hold on
hold on hold on maybe we can finish him
off with the bow what is this Enderman
want from me he's coming down he's
coming down finish finish
him hit him hit
him oh no I'm I'm about to die I'm half
hard oh we survived half hard let's go
we did it we did
it oh
no oh my god oh one of these videos to
see more bro this crazy bro wow